Initial implementation (#1)
projectsyn/component-rook-ceph: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-tos/quick-start.adoc

= Quick start

> This how-to will guide you to a working Ceph setup using the default configuration.

Reviewer: Shouldn't this page be in the tutorial category? Sorry if I missed that one in the last review.

Author: Yeah, probably makes more sense as a tutorial

== Prerequisites

* Cluster is already managed by Project Syn

> * At least three (3) adequately sized nodes (minimum 8vCPU, 16GB RAM) are provisioned for the storage cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* At least 3 adequately sized nodes (minimum 8 vCPU, 16GB RAM) are provisioned for the storage cluster
```

Author: According to the Microsoft Writing Style Guide, numbers zero through nine are supposed to be spelled out, cf. https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/numbers#numerals-vs-words

Reviewer: Yes, I agree and I would also would write it out up to twelve for a general purpose text or any thesis.
But here my argument would be that this is a technical specification and then digits might be easier to grasp or remember.

But I have no hard feeling here.

Author: Changed to use digit `3`
